Add Mainline Mensware article (#5121)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/mainline-mensware/index.md

```json
{
  "name": "Mainline Menswear",
  "short_name": "MMW",
  "description": "Shop mens designer clothes with Mainline Menswear. Famous brands including Hugo Boss, Adidas, and Emporio Armani.",
  "icons": [
    {
      "src": "/_nuxt/icons/icon_512.c2336e.png",
      "sizes": "512x512",
      "type": "image/png"
    }
  ],
  "theme_color": "#107cbb"
}
```

The web app, once installed, can be launched from the homescreen without the browser getting in the
way. This is achieved by adding the `display` parameter in the web application manifest file:

```json
{
  "display": "standalone"
}
```

Last but not the least, the company is now able to easily track how many users are visiting their
web app from the homescreen by simply appending a `utm_source` parameter in the `start_url` field of
the manifest:

```json
{
  "start_url": "/?utm_source=pwa"
}
```

{% Aside %} See [Add a web app manifest](/add-manifest/) for a more in-depth explanation of all the
web application manifest fields. {% endAside %}

### Runtime caching for faster navigations

Caching for web apps is a "must" for page speed optimization and for providing a better user
experience for returning users.

> For caching on the web, there are quite a few strategies out there with each using
> [different approaches](https://dev.to/jonchen/service-worker-caching-and-http-caching-p82). The team

Author: ```suggestion
For caching on the web, there are quite a few
[different approaches](https://dev.to/jonchen/service-worker-caching-and-http-caching-p82). The team
```

> [different approaches](https://dev.to/jonchen/service-worker-caching-and-http-caching-p82). The team

Author: Yes, I have shortened this.

is using a mix of the [HTTP cache](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching) and
the [Cache API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cache) for caching assets on the
client side.

The Cache API gives Mainline Menswear a finer control over the cached assets, allowing them to apply
complex strategies to each file type. While all this sounds complicated and hard to set up and
maintain, [Workbox](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox) has provided them with an easy
way of declaring such complex strategies and has eased the pain of maintenance.

#### Caching CSS and JS

For CSS and JS files, the team has chosen to cache them and serve them over the cache using the
[`StaleWhileRevalidate`](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox/reference-docs/latest/module-workbox-strategies.StaleWhileRevalidate)

> Workbox strategy. This strategy allows them to serve all Nuxt CSS and JS files fast, increasing
> their page speed, while the files are being updated in the background for a fresh version of the
> files the next time they are being requested:

Author: ```suggestion
Workbox strategy. This strategy allows them to serve all Nuxt CSS and JS files fast,
which significantly increases their site's performance.
At the same time, the files are being updated in the background to the latest version for the next visit:
```

> files the next time they are being requested:

Author: Split in two and redundancy reduced.

  ({ url, request }) =>
    url.origin === 'https://mainline-menswear-res.cloudinary.com' &&
    request.destination === 'image',
  new workbox.strategies.StaleWhileRevalidate({
    cacheName: 'product_images',
    plugins: [
      new workbox.expiration.ExpirationPlugin({
        // Only cache 60 images.
        maxEntries: 60,
        purgeOnQuotaError: true,
      }),
    ],
  }),
);
```

The second image strategy handles all the rest of the images that are being requested by the origin.
These images tend to be very few and small across the whole origin, but the team here likewise
limits the number of cached images to 60 to be on the safe side.

```js
workbox.routing.registerRoute(
  /\.(?:png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|webp)$/,
  new workbox.strategies.StaleWhileRevalidate({
    cacheName: 'images',
    plugins: [
      new workbox.expiration.ExpirationPlugin({
        // Only cache 60 images.
        maxEntries: 60,
        purgeOnQuotaError: true,
      }),
    ],
  }),
);
```

{% Aside 'objective' %} Even though the caching strategy is exactly the same as the previous one, by
splitting images into two caches (`product_images` and `images`), it allows for more flexible

> updates to the strategies or caches to future versions of the service worker. {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updates to the strategies or caches. {% endAside %}
```

### Providing offline functionality

The offline page is precached right after the service worker is installed and activated. They do
this by creating a list of all offline dependencies: the offline HTML file and an offline SVG icon.

```js
const OFFLINE_HTML = '/offline/offline.html';
const PRECACHE = [
  { url: OFFLINE_HTML, revision: '70f044fda3e9647a98f084763ae2c32a' },
  { url: '/offline/offline.svg', revision: 'efe016c546d7ba9f20aefc0afa9fc74a' },
];
```

The precache list is then fed into Workbox which takes care of all the heavy lifting of adding the

> URLs to the cache, checking for any revision mismatch, updating accordingly, and serving the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URLs to the cache, checking for any revision mismatch, updating, and serving the
```

precached files with a `CacheFirst` strategy.

```js
workbox.precaching.precacheAndRoute(PRECACHE);
```

#### Handling offline navigations

Once the service worker activates and the offline page is precached, it is then used to **respond to
offline navigation requests by the user**. While Mainline Menswear's web app is an SPA, the offline
page shows only after the page reloads, the user closes and reopens the browser tab, or when the web

> app is launched from the homescreen while offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app is launched from the home screen while offline.
```

Reviewer: @tomayac Sorry for not finding this yesterday.

To achieve this, Mainline Menswear provided a fallback to failed
[`NavigationRoute`](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox/reference-docs/latest/module-workbox-routing.NavigationRoute)
requests with the precached offline page:

```js/4-6
const htmlHandler = new workbox.strategies.NetworkOnly();
const navigationRoute = new workbox.routing.NavigationRoute(({ event }) => {
    const request = event.request;
    // A NavigationRoute matches navigation requests in the browser, i.e. requests for HTML
    return htmlHandler.handle({ event, request }).catch(() => caches.match(OFFLINE_HTML, {
        ignoreSearch: true
    }));
});
workbox.routing.registerRoute(navigationRoute);
```

## Demo

<figure class="w-figure">
  {% Video src="video/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/eJgApjFLpSRFMcMyC4e0.mp4", width="300", autoplay=true, loop=true, muted=true %}
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Offline page example as seen on www.mainlinemenswear.co.uk.</figcaption>
</figure>

### Reporting successful installs

> Apart from the homescreen launch tracking (with `"start_url": "/?utm_source=pwa"` in the web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the home screen launch tracking (with `"start_url": "/?utm_source=pwa"` in the web
```
